HSEARCH-3122 Restore support for configuring "strict" mapping in Elasticsearch (#2351)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/backend-elasticsearch.asciidoc

If indexes do not follow the default naming scheme `<hibernateSearchIndexName>-<6 digits>`,
a custom <<backend-elasticsearch-indexlayout,index layout>> must be configured.

=== Dynamic types mapping

> By default, Hibernate Search set the Elasticsearch mapping dynamic properties to `strict`.
> See dynamic property mapping on
> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/dynamic.html[Elasticsearch documentation].
> Which means that Elasticsearch server will throw an exception
> if we should try to work on fields that do not belong to the schema defined at bootstrap time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Hibernate Search sets the link:{elasticsearchDocUrl}/dynamic.html[`dynamic`] property in Elasticsearch index mappings to `strict`.
This means that attempting to index documents with fields that are not present in the mapping will lead to an indexing failure.
```

If Hibernate Search is the only client, that won't be a problem,
since Hibernate Search usually works on declared schema fields only.
For the other cases in which we need to change this setting,
we can use the following index-level property to change the value.

[source]
----
# To configure the defaults for all indexes:
hibernate.search.backend.dynamic_mapping = strict (default)
# To configure a specific index:
hibernate.search.backend.indexes.<index name>.dynamic_mapping = strict (default)
----

We said that Hibernate Search **usually** works on declared schema fields. More precisely, it always does
if no <<mapper-orm-bridge-index-field-dsl-dynamic>> are defined.

> In the case of the root object or a nested object containing some dynamic fields,
> the mapping dynamic properties will be always set to `true` instead,
> regardless the value of dynamic_mapping property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When field templates are defined, `dynamic` will be forced to `true`, in order to allow for dynamic fields. In that case, the value of the `dynamic_mapping` property is ignored.
```
